Create chocolate chip oatmeal cookies.md (#2)
diego-codes/recipes: desserts/chocolate chip oatmeal cookies.md

# Chocolate chip oatmeal cookies

> These nutty cookies are inspired by Food Network Kitchen's [oatmeal-flax chocolate chip cookies](https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchen/oatmeal-flax-chocolate-chip-cookies-recipe-2106797) and Trader Joe's gluten-free oatmeal cookie recipe (found on the back of their rolled oats.

Reviewer: Missing a closing parenthesis.
```suggestion
These nutty cookies are inspired by Food Network Kitchen's [oatmeal-flax chocolate chip cookies](https://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/food-network-kitchen/oatmeal-flax-chocolate-chip-cookies-recipe-2106797) and Trader Joe's gluten-free oatmeal cookie recipe (found on the back of their rolled oats).
```

## Ingredients (for 12 cookies)

> - 2 tbsp butter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2 tbsp butter at room temperature
```

> - 3.5 tbsp white sugar

Reviewer: `3 1/2` to be consistent?
```suggestion
- 3 1/2 tbsp white sugar
```

- 3 tbsp brown sugar
- 1 egg
- 1/4 tsp baking soda
- 1/4 tsp vanilla
- 1 tbsp chopped walnuts
- 1/2 tbsp flaxseeds
- 3 tbsp flour
- 1/8 cup peanut butter
- pinch of salt
- pinch of cinnamon
- 1/4 cup chocolate chips
- 1/2 cup rolled oats

## Instructions

1. Preheat oven to 350°F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.

> 2. Soften, but don't melt, the butter (2 tbsp). With a mixer on medium-high, beat the butter with the white sugar (3.5 tbsp) and brown sugar (3 tbsp) until fluffy. Whisk in the egg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If the butter (2 tbsp) is cold, soften it without melting it. With a mixer on medium-high, beat the butter with the white sugar (3.5 tbsp) and brown sugar (3 tbsp) until fluffy. Whisk in the egg.
```

> 2. Soften, but don't melt, the butter (2 tbsp). With a mixer on medium-high, beat the butter with the white sugar (3.5 tbsp) and brown sugar (3 tbsp) until fluffy. Whisk in the egg.

Reviewer: I think you're supposed to start at a slow speed to start mixing the butter and sugar so the sugar doesn't explode everywhere. Then slowly increase the speed to medium.

> 3. Add in the baking soda (1/4 tsp), vanilla (1/4 tsp), chopped walnuts (1 tbsp), flaxseeds (1/2 tbsp), and flour (3 tbsp). Beat til smooth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add in the baking soda (1/4 tsp), vanilla (1/4 tsp), chopped walnuts (1 tbsp), flaxseeds (1/2 tbsp), and flour (3 tbsp). Beat until smooth.
```
